# Drums for You
#### Video Demo:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drGyWJ9t5ro>
#### Description:

Drums for you is a web application using python, SQL, HTML, and CSS that provides quality drum equipment for all drummers looking for great gear. This ecommerce website uses Amazon Price API to fetch results for the website. The header of the site contains a Snare drum logo, the name of the site, and the icon of the site is a custom template made on favicon.io containing the first letter of each word in the title, DFY.

In the index page of the website, the user is greeted with a search bar and a drop down menu containing six countries. Drums for You, supports shopping in the United States, France, India, the United Kingdom, Spain, and Germany. If there is no country selected, then the website redirects the user to an error page that prompts them to select a country. If the user tries to maliciously enter their own country with its own value into the select menu, the website will redirect to the error page and tell the user only countries provided in the dropdown menu upon appearance are allowed to be selected. If no text is typed into the search bar, then the website redirects the user back to the index page until the user types text into the search bar. Once the user has typed in a product and selected a country, the website redirects to a results page that shows all the results that match the search given by the user based on their country.

The results are displayed in a card provided by bootstrap's designs. In the title field, the price and rating of the product will be displayed and the product is displayed in the text field of the card. At the bottom of the card, there is a “View on Amazon” button that redirects the user to an amazon page of the product in case they are interested in buying it. To display the results in the results page, passed in a variable called results, used jinja template language to loop over results and output the price, product image, rating, and title. I also provided an about me page in case users wanted to gain more knowledge about the author of this project.

The layout of the website has a black and white snare drum 150 pixels big and the header text of the page sitting right next to it. Below the header there is the nav bar. The nav bar contains five items total but only displays either three or four items depending on if the user is logged. If the user is logged in, the nav bar will display three items: Home, for index, About Me, for my about page, and log out, otherwise, if the user is logged out, the website will display two additional items, login and register, along with Home and About Me. When a user clicks on the log out button, their session gets cleared and they are then redirected to the login page.

If a user does not have an account on the website they can register to create one. The requirement for a valid password on the website is at least one character being a number. If the user tries to maliciously enter or accidentally enters nothing into the password field, the username field, the confirm password field, or types mis-matched passwords in to the confirm password and password field, the website will once again redirect the user to an error page that prompts them to enter their information correctly. Once all fields are entered correctly, the user is redirected to the login page just to confirm that their account is indeed in the database. A similar logic was applied to the login page as well.

Empty field checking for login is exactly the same as the register page. It is slightly easier to implement as well because there is no confirm password field for log in. If the user's username or password does not match their username or password in the database, then the error page will return a message that tells the user that the username or password field do not match. If both fields are correct, the user will be logged in and redirected to the index page where they can continue shopping.